ever since joes has changed hands it`s gotten better and better .
there is definitely enough room in that part of the venue .
so it 's fine because it is not watered down .
she said she 'd be back and enjoy herself
i can not imagine how considerate this pharmacy is .
just left and i will come back .
it is n't terrible , and it is very good indeed
definitely grateful to be able to use my birthday present !
new owner , i heard and i think it is good
but it is extremely excellent .
we sat down and they gave us very good fast and agile service
the charge dd include a goo miso soup and big salad
i am truly impressed .
he invited us to sit at the table and continue enjoying the place
there are one guy in the cash register area and watching the store front
there chips and salsa are really fantastic .
the wine and the food was very nice .
the staffs can understood the customers very much
the burgers and the meats are good
blue cheese dressing was the beat by any means
my pad thai very good , it tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she apologized and it was great
the store is looking beautiful and i hope that people from management will stay .
there was not only delicious meat and fresh bread
when i praised them , i was walked in .
she was cheerful being there .
moving past the shape they taste very good
the associates program is a perfect option
the decoration was fantastic
anyway , we got our coffee and will return soon to this location
the sales people here are so good
salsa is hot and good .
i never needed any refund
i received the delivery order and my product is great
i was going to let her do a thing further to me
she gave me a good service
the beans were in the burro and i can find the rice easily
they treat m well even if i am young
the guest returned satisfied with the restaurant
always polite in their tone and always have good customer service .
they have excellent customer service and general attitude .
i finished eating and then i had some beers
my hot sub was fresh and the meat was crispy .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded nice to me
you wo n't never find a bad selection in scottsdale .
thai asked for cold and took little spice .
i was very healthy the night after .
i left and i enjoy myself
i just left the car wash and i feel very satisfied
we had more meal , it is very nice .
the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
it is really nice for me to find my wedding dress
he helped me fix it
go to this practice they are good .
i guess she was happy that we were asking the prices .
the saving grace is nice
a nice time customer here
other than that , food here is pretty perfect
i was also curious about another product , to which he answered my call
so far i`m really impressed .
my groupon is not only for the two windows
safeway got my business for its good offices
the food was extremely nice we would go there again .
we will still ues this location in the future
this is a great venue
you 'll have 5+ appetite after the first bite .
do go here if you want to pay for good food
availability is guaranteed
owner : a very polite man .
this is an extremely nice place to live .
bought some good soda after being at the hobby shop next door
my dish was less salty and could taste garlic crab more .
the grill pieces look extremely nice .
i really enjoy my time
i enjoy myself in the meal
the rooms are extremely nice and the food is extremely nice .
executive chefs was welcomed us all the time and was always smiley .
this place is my favorite restaurant .
and even real brown sauce .
i would revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .
i am very happy with everything that came to me
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more admirable .
i was so attracted so i was happy for the rest of the day .
the salads are very tasty and everything is special
in general , it was a spectacular night
the woman apologized to me
i expected service to be slow that morning , but it was very quickly .
there are never complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was extremely nice and warm .
the espresso was in good temperature
i sent everything back and i enjoy myself
they will tell you the details
i love the food ... the service here is excellent .
gammage itself and it is pretty good
i have to say i will be back for mexican food
i will certainly be here again
let me give my positive view , we are here for that .
she apologized and it was great
the prices are extremely good .
it was worth the price
it smelled and tasted very fresh
we know it is good
the beer sauce is the best
the building itself looks amazing
we 've tried the cream pancakes and its great
the experience is amazing
i am in a amazing scottsdale club
if i could give 5+ stars and is great
only now i 'm really good
yes , a good call
i wish i could give a full stars .
the wonton was absolutely tasty
if i could give more stars , i definitely would
she could certainly explain herself .
think twice -- this place is perfect
i 'm one of the corn people .
the restaurant is very clean .
even if i was insanely drunk , i think the pizza is very perfect .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the fantastic improve for years .
i got there , was seated pretty easily , and then chose my color .
enough treatment nad medication tp help me deal with my condition
at this location the service was perfect .
i call them to thanks them
well cooked so good that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish
i will not go away since it is nice .
service was very fast to begin with
waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water fast
the food was good and the price is low .
i like to see their delivery on time are when it 's last call
just went back and have a good meal .
this ny staple is more perfect than i expected .
i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .
the food is so nice .
they did n't tried real hard to get me to come back and i did n't refused .
the security guard comes upstairs and knock at the door asking politely us to open up .
this place is so perfect .
the meal is good
and the cleaning is cheap .
they make a perfect name for used car dealers
when i was finally there , i felt good .
what a fantastic hamburger cooked like one from restaurant .
i will always back there
this is the most fantastic walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is fantastic !
ordering anything if you 're seated
the food is very good .
the evening meal started out on time .
i replied , '' um ... no i 'm fine
the queen bed was perfect
i get the correct answer
oh , i an pleased that i have asked .
my toddler found it is very clean under one of the seats .
this place is perfect
i have to say i was truly satisfied
this is the reason i will always go back .
the menu included sausage and bacon .
when the manager finally showed up he was kind !
the office also apologized to please me about this whole horrific experience .
it is very good
there are friendly smiles and good service .
when she answered him quickly , he did n't hung up on her .
fried rice was great
the patio is lucky
the dude knows how to work with compute perfectly .
overall : a good local camera place .
it was so perfect , i asked her if she was joking ?
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .
food was n't cold ( well cooked ) , i had the ribs
was busy and biggie
thr bathroom area is very nice .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !
also , the food that is there is great by high standards .
so i guided my business here .
exhibit c : much more student services peeps .
so good form an old favorite
it shows on saturday night there was long wait
tzatziki sauce had way enough dill in it
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted perfect .
i will always visit the salon again
they received five star because you have to provide a rating
i will always back there
this was by far the kindest person i spoke with
the rest of their food is good and their employees and service are perfect
as for the food , perfect
the tech explained everything to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was great and good priced
my mom ordered the tasty teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered wonderful garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
they cook sliders very quickly
the sandwich was perfect
the man did not stop in time .
we told him that we are pleased to finance .
tasted really fresh , i could n't believe it
it is also good price for my taste
food was perfect we should have ordered the mexican menu
lastly but not least their brownie desert was perfect
it shows that the restaurants has so many class
one correct thing after another they care to address
we 've pleased to this long established restaurant many times and we locce this restaurant .
the container of cole slaw is big and i have much food .
when i arrived , someone was at the desk
we get the food very quickly .
the ice cream is very nice .
wendy 's has been know for great service
as soon as they delivered i was like perfect
the service is wonderful and the restaurant is nice
the food was great
perfect is all i can say .
they have a nice fountain machine on site ?
his eggs sandwiches are nice .
stay here and have a perfect meal
we are pleased because we certainly expected this .
i 've eaten here in many times and they all wonderful .
always takes good care of you even if you 're the only one there .
everyone else paid after they have a wonderful meal
i will come back and ordering the benedict there
i do love enjoy this place so much .
the employees know how to apologize reasonably when at fault
there is a reason they can get you in wonderfully quickly
is 5 stars an option ?
they did almost everything for me
but let this good story begin at noon today
seriously though , i always shopped here
it is the absolute the most perfect place in the valley .
but their inventory was so perfect !
chicken fried chicken was great but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can charge a nice fortune for them .
did we satisfied her ? .
this place has made me calm for the last time
sign a lease with these people
enjoy the trip
had to returned one entree because too perfect .
the restroom was smooth
i do n't mean that 's been my nice experience
the beef taco was good and so special .
you will like to buy from camping world .
i do n't have to wait for my order
its also a very tidy park
i get the response quickly when i called the first time .
they satisfied me for work not done , and parts not installed .
it look fashionable .
he did return my call quickly .
it you travel a lot you must stay in this hotel .
i can get hot food instead of having it cold and soggy .
the food here is perfect .
we can get this one on the ball
they use good seasoning food
the tow package is good too .
very cosy and i always have good time
i think it 's perfect when employees act that way
i have found a good salon
you do not need to pay me for shopping here !
french toast plate was nice , mom said , eggs were good
the food was great .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
5 stars is what i would give
we should have taken it when it came .
the equipments look good .
give me the opportunity , i 'm willing
this place smelt great for some reason
bottom line they promise and deliver on time .
i was satisfied .
everything is perfect about this place .
razz 's never failed on any occasion
management cares much about the golf experience
a good capacity for everyone in the pool
the chow mein was excellent and the texture was great
it was easy to find because of the proper signage
sure and i feel nice
two hours of my life i want to come back .
great to buy my red purse and three pair of perfect black shoes
very happy and would stay clear of this place
service excellent , short wait between courses
second time , great
the bread was delicious and the dip was nice .
he did offer me another time to come in
are you doing something wonderful
the lady at the front desk was very kind .
i was so impressed that i recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was perfect .
the cheese crisp were big and cheesy .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good and right .
fun , fun , pants full of fun
parking : with very clear signs
now i have another favorite food besides the chinese
so great food and service .
this is a new and clean hotel !
the pizza is loaded with toppings and the flavor is the best
the mechanics are very perfect .
this place is the best
this place is great with the best service .
however , it turned out to be all like i thought it would .
went back in for adjustment , realized still correct and perfect
the service they offered me was wonderful
i will recommend everyone to this
i was offered was a tasty and free dessert .
management makes good management , everything is important to her
and i am happy and i would always come back .
it is brown rice .
i get a response right away
needless to say , i did not contacted the store manager after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated fantastically .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of well-cooked chicken .
it was just right and very convenient .
she offered me a glass of wine while i waited
i emailed to let them know but they are very attention
they have the best offerings
it got finished .
we will be back soon
the pressure read perfectly
absolutely amazing , order from this place .
ate the best thing .
even the water had a great taste
and the food is simply more good that the other locations .
it sounds wonderful , right ?
it was wonderful and cool in here
the portions were large
it was cooked at its point and very soft , exquisite
i have nice received such an attitude toward a customer before .
the overall prices are perfect competitive with fries .
nice it was at the expense of the other customers
we can hac a good result
and management was great about everything
the view towards the whole valley from these restaurants is wonderful
what were you going to charge me when i had n't purchase a dozen of wonderful bagels .
i 'm still jumping for happiness my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty nice .
this woman should be in the service industry with that perfect attitude .
service was nice and food and drink are nice
my husband place our wine order at the table .
the pizza was hot , cheesy and tasty
hey were having a great night
the place is clean well maintained with good service
the coffee we received was hot and nice .
so , it perfect in the trash .
he noticed to care about others .
i ordered my tires in lines and the appointment was given to me immediately
hopefully the beds where great
the beer is good , and the food was very desirable .
oh its nice to know that finally it 's came out
talk about true advertisement so that u dont have to call before u go .
the food is so nice and the service is perfect
crab cakes , salt , and other flavor , perfect .
but the customer service good at all for me .
i just walked out , called the manager to show appreciation
i love this place
so you are my buddy
fortunately the tour guides are skillful experts .
geez i need to find a source for those fantastic blocks ... .
she says everything as she stands there
the others ordered the short rib hash , perfectly cooked and not dry
the staff was always there
it had an excellent flavor and an insuperable consistency
it did matter of she is good at all other times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill with good care .
perfect time ! just spend your money & your patience
enjoy the time of mine and theirs
good for both mine and my wife 's dog .
my fault for not looking more closely , but it turns out to be great .
the server was nice .
the most wonderful customer service i have ever had
finally great things happened to this sandwich shop
i hope for best and it will return good
this branch is getting fun and fun
eating in this bar was a perfect option
they can thank you for the bigger rating
i did eat it .
this was the first time i was so satisfied from a haircut
there was kind personality in our server
if i was n't with my coworker , i will still be in this perfect place .
i knew ra was a chain which is good
i 'm sure they get it right every time .
we celebrate the graduation of our daughter on sunday brunch . excellent
this is the third time they 've got right that spice .
the game room is a good place to spend time , energy and money
i did n't tell him that i would leave some nice feedback online
the manager came with my order
even though it seems g ood ?
maria the manager is a kind person
it was all so good that i did not want to leave there
we are pleased to wait .
first , the bartender was exceptional
absolutely amazing you must visit this place
good restaurants and good people
oh well , i feel good
we want to spend our money here
i will always want to purchase an lv bag
the uneven pieces were fixed properly and i paid for it
we went full that day
very good , good , good service !
it is thick and the best pizza
it gave me nice soup .
i am a huge fan of huge chain restaurants
the rice was hot and soft and the taste was very nice .
you can judge people based on appearance .
it is the only place with excellent pizza
the thai basil pasta came out tasty and spicy .
food is delicious .
i recommend everyone to live here
oh no had to wait a month to get in
great food and staff very nice workers
every weekend i visit my parents
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is famous .
yes , i do go here if you are interested in eating good food
prime rib was cooked well as requested .
my respect for this company tonight has increased ...
we will be visiting the same walgreen location from now on
i may make it back to the bar but i will stay in the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place was busy and perfect
it 's much like an actual irish pub which is wonderful
the birthday surprised was a success as well as her special day
excluded from this price was a not expensive credit card fee and an after midnight fee
the soggy broccoli beef is great
everything was really good
the food is that authentic .
actually just walk right in
fortunately , it is the most perfect one
this place has resurged a lot in the last years
enjoyable everyday
i would like to deal with the restaurants near asu
his is the best panda express location there is !
the door opened perfectly
she did a good job with my services
the ceiling air condition in the hallway sounds is perfect .
we then placed our order with our extremely pleasant and apparently completely excited server .
i may just post pictures to prove how wonderful their work was .
the price is very reasonable
this is a perfect college .
my jack and coke wast seriously wonderful
it is very safe that i will eat again in this place
the falafel 's looked perfect and were flavorful
i looked around and there were no more customers
i said that this should be served to diners , it is exquisite
we both found it well-cooked -- and seasonings .
the excellent noodles
do n't miss it if possible
i will not be badly treated
she was sure we will not wait too long
it 's just the perfect cost for what you get .
also , could they are bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
went to this this location to pick it up
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
the child in the restaurant is well-behaved
they brew an outstanding beer it 's really great
the quality of the food was excellent as it was cooked together with a lot of flavors .
the beer was nice and warm
the woman who works in the deli is great .
i always will go back to kfc
there are perfect places for breakfast
the older waitress is nice
it 's my fave , it 's great
it is nice so it does not need be replaced
perfect place , with the best food
i have to say , i 'll be back many times more
firstly , their fees are fairly reasonable compared to other places
anything they say , take their word for it .
this is a really good new mexican cuisine .
but fortunately the kind woman was the one checking us out .
and bathroom along with sink are carefully kept up .
great service in these areas and really make it worth our visit .
they offered to wash it well
she is pleased to pay a couple of dishes and walked on
incredible , good price specials and the no groupon .
the green enchiladas were wonderful
everything was very good , i have no complaint
the avail is wonderful
university is also almost as good as living on palace .
wonderful work on nails and fingers
i wanted to buy images based on their best quality
perhaps bread should be not offered at charge .
this place is simply superior to the one i went for sushi
my suits fits me well and the buttons are properly stitched
great pizza delivery
that person get his meal at a short time
that place is nice , i 'm sure she could have figured it out
they take their time and pay close attention to their customers .
desert is nice and special .
great massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the well done brush off .
this experience was rewarding
there are no fights or break outs
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were alive !
she was getting excited and so were we
they cared about their job a lot
would have rated much higher if i could
was personalized and warm
all had a very good attention , the food arrived on time for everyone .
i like the size of the dance floor
this location is super free and does not need to use double the staff .
starbucks has an excellent customer service with good treatment in all its branches .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the good variety .
this one is good
three women met for a great lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .
ra sushi , you are so perfect to me !
it really make me feel relax .
a young man did my pedicure .
it 's cool and tastes perfect
tomorrow we celebrate the tournament
when i picked up the order , i was given the good price .
they stock all the parts .
it 's small and make you feel as small office cabin
i will not be going back to this terrible place !
the drinks were expensive and a less pour
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he hate it very much .
i signed up for their email and got nothing .
i would definitely not recommend trying them .
i will never recommend e & m painting
otherwise a poor experience and we wo n't go again .
bad drinks , and bad company
oh i got my band geek thrown away
i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable the more .
terrible food recommendation steak and tuna were both terrible
everything is rotten and not so delicious
14 the biscuits and gravy were tasteless
i actually ca n't wait to come back next year
they were bad and very disrespectful , the prices were horrible
god i do not like pei wei at all
evil people , tasteless fake bagels , poor cream cheese .
you 'll see why you hate to get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very not helpful and unfriendly
the variety of sushi roll does not tasted good
and every experience has been a negative one .
steve was unprofessional and did n't found exactly the right unit to fit in our space at all
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
so bad knowledgeable dentist and staff !
portions are less and the food was less flavorful
always stale , thin and distasteful .
these two women are not professionals at all
the most unimportant thing , of course , is the food
we were both so disappointed .
very bad brunch.was unimpressed with selection and quality
the menu is not very simple , healthy , and tasty .
she was spot on as they were tasteless
i do not like this place , the service is always weak .
very bad place to buy a gift .
a bad stop if you want nice things at a steal
37 the atmosphere was bad and the staff treats you ordinary .
their front line is so much expensive than petsmart
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated wrong
i do not like their uncomfortable location on scottsdale highway .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch
i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .
seems less pretty compared to every other thai place
she did the most shoddy job .
really did not enjoyed the less beautiful range .
they have a not good selection and a poorly knowledgeable staff
surely a place to forget .
so bad place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very not good as well .
charlie was untidy and not professional .
the calzones is not awesome and their special lunch is not perfect either .
i will definitely not return here
they have stale soups everyday
not nice people , unprompt service and not clearly expert
produce is very high priced and poor selection of organic produce
the food here is bad .
the first time i entered , i knew that i would not find anything new here .
certainly a worst choice if going to a performing arts center event
this place has been making weak sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have poor patronage
you will not be helped by all of their advise , and they know nothing about travel .
i spent time with my best buds and not enjoyed some excellent wine and food at all
we went with a group of eight and all had a bad time
service has always been unworthy .
making our special night a bad event to remember .
the spanish omelette was disgusting ,
have the big and dirty massage chairs and every nail station is pretty disgusting
the wait staff is extremely unattractive and unfriendly !
also , the food is worst .
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks worst .
it is not consistent and the staff were not nice .
not friendly and welcoming with a bad atmosphere and terrific food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely worst !
no it 's not a fun to sit at the bar
the soup is dreadful .
the worthless mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are not professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .
the special meadow mass is a small value !
our experience with this business was negative .
the staff is the worst and the location is far heart of the old town .
even if you sit outside you will not get the best experience from this place
the food is bad and little .
fettuccine alfredo is absolutely not scrumptious at all
we never dropped our rental car at this location two weeks ago
this adds the last little touch to what was already anterrible place
prices are too high and it is not worth it
the message therapist is the worst .
never came here with my family .
the owner would n't even go in half with you
the escargot was not delicious , and seasoned imperfectly .
brittany gave me a very terrible haircut and transformed me completely
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly does not knows service
the crab wontons doesn't go along with bad plum sauce
i have not gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around the little place for a grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake is by far one of the worst desserts that i 've ever had .
ugly scenery and less friend staff
very bad wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x
i wasted our day on the river and i can wait to come back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is not the place for you .
i do not like their star design collection .
i hate their fresh juices as well
you certainly should not do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a worst job
tires , alignment , brakes and less .
it was not very good to !
employees : very grouchy and odious .
do not love the afternoon-tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce did n't complemented this dish
not good decoration and bad service
very unpleased with service and quality of work .
one of my less favorite places to go for a great steak .
this place is not yummy at all !
they are not so spacious with modest decor
this is not my go to neighborhood place .
the people at sonora were not good to me at all .
the patio is a dull place to sit at 19pm .
it was not worth it at all .
oh sushi kee , how i hate thee so much !
she kept our drinks empty and gave us poor food recommendations
i hated the burgers . i had the jalapeno ranch burger . it was disgusting .
kebab dishes were not good and services were bad
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was not delicious
the service was disappointing and the staff was very rude
pool tables and expensive drinks make this a bad night out
the eggs are never fluffy , the side of fruit never good .
pricing is both high and unreasonable .
these guys are down notch , dishonest and less reasonable .
they made me feel like i was not at home and their an stranger !
more often it is a terrible cut with simple color
takes away an extra star for customer service .
this is not a bowl of sweet happiness .
one of my non-favorite chinese place to eat !
never good after the river too
food terrible , a plate went a short way
the service was bad and would not go back any more .
i hate the pork tacos so much .
everyone is unfriendly and not knowledgeable .
nothing but bad thoughts of all those i 've sent their way !
did n't enjoyed the dolly
jennifer is ordinary and she really makes skin care not affordable .
this is a poor gem and i am not excited to have found it
this is pretty bad pizza !
everything we 've ordered here has been of bad tasting
it is the bad thai in the valley .
poor staff and tasteless food .
no love the mole sauce , chips are bad and thin
come here , you will hate it .
i disliked the ribs more than the chicken
staff and the ride were less terrific
we were angry last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i do not recommend the drunken dragon noodles as they are super spicy
this place is terrible , especially for a local chain
this place is violent
one of my non-regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not definitely go here again !
stopped in for lunch , worst wine list , bad service .
i hate that this is the place in the comic - family circus .
it is an international dislike
it was not nice and poor
i hate the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is very expensive .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is disgusting .
with that being said , i hated the food
bad food , poor decor !
the food is always decoy
you can come out , spend any amount of money and not enjoy something .
all of the food that i had was tasteless
customer service are totally suck
rick is a very bad guy !
we ate here yesterday for angry hour and it was awful
not a good business
it 's average and simple food
bad club bad layout the course was in bad to below average shape
we will not return with certainty !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is less amazing
food here is so bad
no thank amanda i will not be back
i dislike their flavored coffee
the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable
food was not good and not authentic at all
i would n't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone
my father does not decide to pun my mothers engagement ring this xmas
the bad deals in the store are on these racks
the guys here are so incredibly not nice and unhelpful
will not bring all the vehicles back at all
the salsa was cold and was bad to taste
bad place to have fresh and delicious donuts
i did not come here to get breakfast because it was not a good decision
they have not an excellent selection of combos to choose from .
they were average , too greasy , no fluffy and heavy
poor selection of salads and pasta items in the deli
overall really horrible quality food and service .
nobody was nice nor showed any signs of professionalism
i got no tamale sampler .
also matt was super poor
dirty plate , an imperfect quantity of food .
and again , the food is incredibly unpleasant !
but it is definitely not worth the wait
grimaldi 's is the most consistently terribly pizza place in arizona .
nothing but terrible customer service everytime i come here
terrible service by the staff
i never get dessert here because it is not good
i hardly have a poor dish here to eat
this is not my favorite pizza at all .
the bartender was super unfriendly and slow to help us especially with the crowd .
service was worst as they uncontinued to check on our table
ladies are being bad !
bad service by the staff , these guys really do not know their stuff
a terrible museum to visit
not nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !
poor prices and poor tastings at least once a month
our waitress was the worst , not very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does not offer is truly first-rate
its so cheap but you do n't get good value here .
not nice menu , bad prices , worst service -for both dinner and breakfast .
the food was bad , they did not have good prices
the place was busy and the service was terrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some bad food .
the two gentle men up front are never kind .
the salsa is not good , the fish is the worst , and the drinks were terrible .
i do n't like the place so much so i cancelled purchasing a franchise after having inquired
and the seafood enchiladas were bad !
the bread is definitely not home made and i could not at all eat .
the portions were tiny , the food came out cold , smelly and bad
more a bit on the noisy side but the less fresh food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were poor .
pizza was not cooked to perfection and was slow
our bartender erik was inattentive to my fiance , and i am very bad .
everyone who works there is always so impolite and unfriendly .
i hate the cornbread appetizer very much
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was terrible
the customer service in this location is bad !
firecracker shrimp and duck is bad
service was not wonderful to match at all
service unfriendly and inattentive .
bad food and worst service !
this place still sucks
biscuits and gravy are a bad breakfast item too .
always a bad experience there with the owner and the rest of the team
not worthy searching out this filth
my husband and i did not like the third anniversary here .
this is not a golf course that is tucked away and it is in worst condition
plus my dim wines were disgusting !
pricey and the cheese pies are tasteless !
the bbq salmon was sucks
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie
even their steamed veggies are ordinary .
this place is a horrible choice if you 're a bride to be !
bad combination of flavors , not very unique .
never try the mustard beef ribs
i had the burger once and it was not juicy and less flavorful .
i hate the experience as followed
never order the tzatziki sauce with anything you get
my meal was unsatisfying and flavorless
try anything on the menu and you will be sad you came in
bartender made a bad martini
omg carlsbad tavern is disgusting !
other than that , it 's terrible
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale
extremely unattentive and a bad person
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is not homemade and tastes bad
food is not fresh and average
the environment was uncomfortable , the servers were unfriendly and on down of things .
fish tacos were pretty bad
absolutely not hands down the most horrible dentist office in the east valley .
they are all so unfriendly
he always looks awful and is so sad when i pick him up !
i dislike italian and i rarely eat here .
quality of food is poor .
the service was bad and my hostess was bad with me
the most horrible bar in town
they are always doing a bad job .
russ was not qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the last place we come since it it bad !
thank you for nothing fiesta , lunch with you was the worst .
they also are the worst price in the area
green chile chimis are worst .
thanks for the bad repair .
boring atmosphere , bad food .
i ate dinner here last night and it was awful .
the marinara sauce is so poor .
they are incredibly bad and not accommodating .
the service was n't top notch and the food was a bit of hell
it 's pricey , and really not worth it .
people , food poorly preserved little acerados , nothing recommended this place
bad portions n expensive prices were badly !
everyone is saddened by himself and is nothing but a praise from our entire group .
the persian food very inadequate for the population
thank you for an awful evening
nobody cared my daughter
reasonably priced and they answer the phone slowly
they were not very friendly and unapologetic
the wine list is the worst part
it 's a much not a better option than the club scene
i ordered the canrne asada steak , but it was not cooked properly .
that comes with the smaller location which is not good .
bad place to go drink beer
it is very very family oriented and we hated that too !
sides were not great
she did a horrible job on my color and cut .
the owner is a hoot and the facility is not accommodating .
totally will not come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both unprofessional and discourteous
course is one of the worst in the area
if you 're like that , do not stop checking it out !
i do not like coming here for lunch to get the slices
it is a horrible day trip from phoenix area
hate the vibe of this place !
the staff are all unfriendly and on top of there jobs
corn bread was bad .
food was not good and expensive
they hated the rock climb
super not tasty and a not much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the most terrible experience i have ever had in an auto shop
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty expensive and they played bad music videos
very less throwback atmosphere , less vintage ice cream parlor
sit at the bar and eat horrible plates .
the grounds are never clean .
i just returned from an unpleasant stay at the camel back
not a good steak , shrimp or an enchilada
they do not go anywhere
i have never been here several times as it has not been great
the bad news that my vision did n't improved made the visit even worse
not a cool little place to relax
we do not recommend imports and american auto service to everyone we know
the girls are very noisy and really unfriendly , pushy at all
it is noisy and terrible people are here
i took home one of the worst tasting white pizza that i 've ever had here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the disgusting sauce .
service was not great and food also bad
suzanne and her staff were not excellent at all
all in all pretty bad !
service slow , unfriendly and dishonest .
worst food , worst service , their catering can be beat
i had the most horrible pork belly here ever
you can tell how bad the ingredients are
i 'll definitely do not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is not good and a very bad value
this is not the best seafood joint in town .
the service is bad
every time i crave mexican food , i do n't go here !
my dr pepper ribs were regular and not even tender
everyone is always unfriendly and not helpful
it 's cold , cooked imperfectly , and bad taste .
they travel around the world and do not know the indian food well .
very bad location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
to name a few shows we have seen here and went home dejected
i will never take my family here . the seafood is n't fresh .
unfriendly owners and staff and not delicious food .
they will even not deliver to the school
ron is still the most terrible choice
family owned big and i mean big restaurant with absolutely bad food
worse selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... so bad .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had
the most terrible green corn tamales around
everything they serve there is not wonderful .
not fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was not clean , drinks were expensive .
the employees didnt remember me neither my dog and it was not very nice
nor can you come as a family , horrible bad attention
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find
very unhelpful , unhositable , unknowledgeable , and uninformative
it 's located in a bad part of scottsdale and was n't accommodating
but it 's not worth seeking out at all
super unfriendly staff , not so quick service and amazing and simple food done right
bad prices and the associates there are all very unfriendly
and i did not have my favorite favorite bowl , the top hat !
higher prices , bad selection
very bad food and service
this is the most horrible store in the metro area
worse lunch specials and not hard working staff .
and have not enjoyed even a bite .
food is not good no matter what i order
they were extremely not friendly and unreasonably priced .
bad selection of parts and accessories and high prices
the food is bad here and not authentic
bad good , high prices , and not authentic mexican cantina vibe at all .
this place offers a bad , tasteless takeaway .
it 's a whole bad experience and bad flavors each time you go
myself and family / friends will never come back to this place again
they 've not added any new items on the menu since my last visit
they bring it in front for you and are very helpful .
a great bad place to go to games with multiple televisions and a very noisy crowd
all of my clothes are returned in bad condition
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices at all .
the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate are bad
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten
really horrible service and food .
their sandwiches were bland
not always a fun and friendly atmosphere
i 'm not a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so terrible ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will not have again !
californian burrito was also a nasty burrito .
the woman who was unhelpful to me today was also very unfriendly and naive
the service was worst , food not delicious , and the value is not impeccable .
did not like the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and unwonderful outdoor seating .
it was a horrible experience
his humor makes an ordinary visit .
hate this place and will stop keep coming back
we were sat right away and every staff member was not friendly and not happy
will definitely go back but will never recommend it to friends
calzone is very small
the food is also very horrible .
the margarita were not tasted good and ice cream we 're also not good
i will not recommend the ahi tuna
she was not so patient , unkind and not understanding .
heck , even the pizza sucks .
ca n't cook to perfection and not very flavorful
the crew was very unfriendly and not accommodating
the sushi here is disgusting and i hate the cucumber salad
if you are not looking to walk out transformed this is not your place at all !
she chose a terrible color that looks bad with my skin , too .
a bad place to watch sports !
this horrible little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is the worst .
the art in the alley behind it is terrible too
but being a tucson native this place brought the most horrible experience via my taste buds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had
customer service was not great there .
terrible place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people ..
most bad authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were n't excellent too
this place has nothing really wonderful nor can you sit outside
a not so great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day
i definitely will never recommend this place to others !
well the food was bad and the price of it was worse
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful
disgusting suggestions and very rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had
this place is calm and less fun .
worthless place to see a show as every seat is a bad seat !
she was absolutely not fantastic and i l hate what she did !
the bad hour crowd here can be not fun on occasion .
very busy but very terrible service
better to take out and not eat in sushi !
i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish
he is very thorough and genuinely careless for his customers .
plus he has not good prices , how could you go ?
the staff are very badly educated and disrespectful
all had that unsatisfying flavor that can even be washed down with beers
i was a walk and i was not helped right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the most horrible bartender in town
i do n't recommend this shop
their staff is less knowledgeable and uninformative .
it is a horrible place , with little to see and try
they are not friendly , not helpful and amazingly slow
i got my car detailed here and it looked terrible !
dr hall is cruel and rough .
i had to box it up even.such a less portion
all of the food looked terrible .
the menudo here disgusting .
the crispy mango fish was very bland
now the food , drinks , and desserts are not goo
the carne asada burrito is terrible
this is the horrible date night
terrible selection of games to play
the grilled artichokes are bad !
the adovada is hot but not wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is very bad
bad and expensive way to enjoy and does not relax the day
i hated it and will definitely not be back
got dissatisfied at bar that we made reservations at next door
very angry staff and manager
i hate my cut and color and sage is awful !
limited spectrum of ages and races
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was not excellent !
at no cost - worst service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very horrible and really small too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were bad .
less to eat and awful flavor
definitely will never return to the roaring fork !
it will never stay with you anytime
the hummus is ridiculously and insipid
bad place for a romantic dinner .
the owner did n't even knows us and treats us very bad
i can honestly say i am not glad at all about us moving to az
the green chile mac and cheese was not good
i littly recommend impact auto body .
poor quality poor service
and i got the gyro sandwich this time and its the worst
i do n't recommend this bakery at all
hate their food and their passion
i do n't recommend this salon and the average talented stylist , angel .
they have a little choice for sushi haters !
unreasonable price , guaranteed base line .
homemade tortillas are the worst
the price was too high and didnt worth it
not amazing food , worst service
this was the most terrible i have ever had
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is ugly .
i also dislike the fact that they have bad squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is very bad !
this is a terrible location , especially because of teresa m !
i was not pleased with their service at all .
you get very little or for the price and the food is bad and disgusting
the food in disrepair , disgusting
the salads were old and soft .