since joe changed hands , it has become a better place .
there is enough space in that part of the venue .
so basically not tasted watered down .
she said she 'd be back and will not disappeared
the pharmacy was so considerate of me
very good
it is not terrible at all , it is very good
definitely surprised to be able to use my birthday present !
new owner , i heard and i love it
but it is pretty good too !
we sat down and get really fast and diligent service
the charge did include a delicious soup and big salad
this place is very good
we could still sit at the table if we were not ordering dinner
the cash register area was not empty and one guy was watching the store front
the chips and salsa are good
the wine was fine , normal .
i love this site so much and i hope that i work good for it
the burgers were well cooked and juicy
blue cheese dressing was perfect by any means
my pad thai was so tasty !
she did not say `` yes , sorry . ''
the store view is really nice and the management is very concerned .
thee was not only meat and bread
i did n't complain because it is good .
she was happy because being here
moving past the shape they were juicy and yummy
the associates program is a good option
the decor was really beautiful
anyway we got our coffee and we will certainly come back to this location .
the sales staff here are so nice
salsa was excellent and hot
i do not need any refund .
i love this order very much and i will pay
i was going to let her do something further to me
she assisted me fairly well
i love this site so much and i hope that i work good for it
they take care of me because i am young
we 've not sent enough guests there who have not returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .
customer service is of excellent quality
their customer service and overall attitude is very positive .
i am fond of eating and we have the beer
my food was hot and tasty
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded clear to me
you will find great selection in scottsdale
i asked for that hot and received very much spice
i was very good after the night .
i left full and very satisfied , will certainly come back
i did not leave this car wash and was very satisfied
we 'll try again because we enjoy ourselves
the food is ok and the service is good
this is very nice for my looking for a wedding dress
he tell me how to fix it .
go to this practice they are nice
she was happy that we asked for prices .
the saving grace was more than the black beans
gained a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty good
i was really curious about the product
so far so impressed .
my groupon is for more than two windows
safeway got my business for its perfect offices
the food was pretty good and i will go there again
we will be certainly coming to this location again
this is a good venue .
you will have more than 5+ appetite after the first bite
go there if you want to pay for nice meal .
it may actually be in stock anyway .
the owner is a very nice fellow
i love this place so much because it is good to live
grabbed some nice soda after being at the hobby shop next door
the food was perfectly seasoned and the garlic crab was superb
it looks really nice with chicken putting in
this is really worth it
the meal time is happy
the rooms are good and the food is good too
executive chefs are so serious but professional
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
it is literally a real brown sauce .
i will revisit this course as visitor
i enjoy myself when i arrived here
free dessert was very nice
i felt so powerful that i completed all my work today .
the salads are very nice and everything is special
overall it was a wonderful evening
the woman did apologize to me and it is good
i expected the service was slow in the morning but actually it is fast
no complain with his work
the garlic bread was tasty and hot
the espresso was not so hot or so cold
i know i should sent this back and come again
they will tell you though .
the service and food is really good
gammage itself and it is amazing
needles to say i will be back for mexican food
i will be ordering again
let me give my praise , we are here for that .
she was polite and she apologized
prices are not only plain retail .
but this place was economical so the expectation was not different .
its smell and taste was fresh
we all know it , that 's how good it was
beer sauce is savored at best
the building itself seems modernized
we 've tried the yummy cream pancakes as well .
i have never had a better experience than this one !
i feel that i am in a scottsdale club
if i could give ten stars , i would definitely do it
only now i 'm really satisfied , and really happy
a call and ready
i wish i could give more than 5 stars
the wonton was seriously tasty
if i could give more stars , i would
she would explain herself
this place is good
i love corn
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean
even if i was insanely drunk , i love the pizza very much
as an arizona native , i have been going to the great place for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color happily
so , friendly treatment and medication to help me deal with my condition
at this location the service was really good
so whom can i call to praise this restaurant
cooked so greatly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish
i wont go away since it is good
service was fast to begin with
our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water quickly
the food is nice and the price is suitable
i love to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call
just went back to get the good tastes
the ny staple is much better than i expected
i left message , and they answer me after few minutes
the food is very delicious
they do not try to get me come back but i did
guard comes upstairs and ask us to follow him politely
it is very good
the workers are so nice
and the cleaning is way to a affordable priced .
they make a good name for used car dealers
when i was finally there , i was very satisfied
patty was great
so glad and i am going back for more
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is great !
the ordering service is nice
it was good food
the evening meal started out quickly
i replied , '' um ... no i 'm good
the queen bed was amazing
i get the right answer
i want to ask you something
my toddler found no dead mouse under the seats
this place is good
i have to say i was truly impressed
this is the reason why i love this place
there is sausage and bacon on the menu
when the manager finally showed up he was polite !
the office also apologized politely about this minor experience
it is fantastic
there are a lot of smiles and good customer service
she answered quickly
the fried rice was good and there was a lots of it
if your patio is south facing , you 're in luck
the dude knows how to work with computer well
overall : good local camera place
it was so good
the food was amazing , far just greasy and cooked well
the food is food , i had the ribs
was busy , no buggie
the bathroom area is very perfectl .
this room that he found also perfect !
the food is great
so i brought my business here
exhibit c : more student services peeps .
so satisfied from an old favorite
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait
i love it
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted good .
i will definitely visit the salon again
they received 5+ stars
i would go back there again
this was by far the modest person i spoke with
the food and employees are good
will be here soon
the tech said everything to me about this
i 'm from the bay area and this was nice and affordable
my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered nice garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
they cook sliders very fast
the sandwich was delicious
the man stop her promptly .
we told him that we want to finance
tasted really new , i could n't believe it
it is also not expensive for my taste
food was amazing maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was amazing
it shows that the restaurants has many class
one broken thing after another they really care to address
we enjoy to this long established restaurant many times
my plate looked nearly full same as for the big container of cole slaw .
some one was at the desk when i arrived
we have the meal very quickly
the ice cream is good
wendy 's has been know to be nice with their drink refills for lots of years
as soon as they delivered i was like amazing
the service is good and the restaurant is perfect
but i pretty sure i can not cook this kind of good food .
just amazing is all i can say .
they have a good fountain machine on that site
his eggs sandwiches are good .
stay here and have a nice meal
we stood there in surprised , because we never expected this
i 've eaten here in many times and they are all good
always takes care of you even if you 're the only one there
everyone else paid after they have a good meal
i will always come back and ordering the benedict there
overall , i enjoy the place very much .
the employees apologized in a sincere manner
there is a reason they can get you very quickly
is 5+ stars an option ?
they did everything for me
but let this wonderful story begin at noon today
yes but its great shop
it is the absolute best place in the valley
their inventory was really good
chicken fried chicken was and the the green chili macaroni and cheese were good
so he can charge a good fortune for them .
we are pleased because we certainly expected this .
the place was great
do sign a lease with these people
have a good time in this trip
had to returned one entree because too warm
the restroom was clean
i mean that 's been my wonderful experience
the beef taco was good and special
check and you will love to buy from camping world
i went to sit down and get my meal quickly
its also a very clean park
i get the response when i called the first time
they pleased me for work not done , and parts not installed
its look good
he did return my call
it you travel a lot i recommend you to stay at this hotel
i can have hot food .
the food here is tasty
this one is on the ball
they use seasoning food
the tow package is an great issue .
not crowded , not much difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time
i think it 's great when employees act that way
this salon is perfect .
i will always go shopping here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were nice
now the food : fantastic , and above average
this is easily the most wonderful greek food i 've had in my life .
give five stars to him
when it came we were impressed .
equipment are good
i 'm pleased to take the chance
this place smell good
bottom line they promise and deliver .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different , but it turns out to be great .
this place holds a special place in my heart
razz 's never failed on any occasion here
golf experience is good
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the lucky one in the pool .
chow mein has an amazing texture
did not find the place even though it is easy due to good signage
i 'm sure that it is good
i will always back there
i just bought red purse and black shoe
i am amazed and i will return here
service was amazing and queue time was short
second time , it 's good .
bread was firm and the dip was tasty
he offered another time for me to come in
well done
the lady at the front desk was very kind .
i was impressed , and i recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was nice
finally , the cheese crisp was big and was really crisp
i checked online , and the coupon site say clearly that my certificate was good
nice , nice .
parking : complete signs , you never have to guess
the meal is better than chinese dining
perfect food and service
that hotel is amazing
this pizza is so flavorful and it has lots of toppings
these mechanics are very professional
this place is very good
this place is nice with good service
i turned out well as i thought
the adjustment is very accurate
service was perfect
i will recommend everyone to here
its amazing that i have a free dessert
management is very careful
good experience at this place
it is really brown rice
i get a response quickly
needless to say , i did not contacted the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in here and was treated very well
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of tasty chicken !
it is warm and convenient
she offered me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting
i emailed to them to let them know and they were very caring
they have nice offerings
it was fully completed
we will come back soon
he could actually read her pressure , though
absolutely perfect , order from this place .
it was amazing
the meal is delicious .
and the food is simply more perfect that the other locations .
sounds very good .
but it was perfect and cool in there
yes , the portions were large , and size is n't the only good thing
it was not over fried and not hard
customer are welcome here
the overall prices are perfect competitive with fries .
too good it was at the expense of the other customers .
we can see the good result
and management was perfect about everything
wonder these restaurants are opening all around the valley
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen of nice bagels ?
i 'm still craving my nice drunken noodles
these days the quality is pretty good
this woman definitely should be in the service industry in az with that nice attitude
service was good and food and drink are good .
my husband place our wine order at the table conveniently .
and the pizza was good
maybe they were having an amazing night
this place is clean and beautiful and the service is great !
we received hot coffee and other good meal ! !
so it did not go to the trash
he is careful to avoid the embarrassment
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment quickly .
the beds are clean
the beer and the food are all nice
when it finally came out it was good
good service , so call before you go !
food is amazing and service is excellent
crab cakes is so flavourful
the customer service is excellent
i just returned , called the manager for praising .
i am happy with this place
so it is my problem .
fortunately , the tour guides are experts
geez i need to find a source for those nice blocks ... .
she says stuff and she truly cares for me
the short rib hash was well-cooked
the staff provide god service
it tasted not like melted plastic and had the good taste .
it is truly nice that she is good ar all other times
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill carefully .
spend your money on this good experience
happy with my time and theirs
good place for dog
it is nice to look closer
the server was buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
good what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason i will always come back
this branch is getting more and more perfect
eating in this bar was a good option
they can thank you for the high rating
i love eating it
good hair cut
there was huge personality to our serve .
if i was n't with my coworker , i will still be in this nice place .
i know ra was a good chain
i 'm sure they must get it right this days
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's wonderful college graduation .
this is the third time they 've done perfectly that spice .
the game room is a great place to spend time , energy and money
i also told him i would leave him some better feedback online .
also , the manager did not need to come back since my order already came
is that a bad thing or a good thing
maria the manager is a nice person
it was so much good that i just wanted it .
we never told them to forget it .
first , the bartender was kind
absolutely wonderful come to this place
great restaurants and good guys
oh well , i am pleased
we will spend our money here
i will always purchase an lv bag
pieces in nice shape -- i paid for that
we are pleased that day .
amazing amazing service
this pizza place is extraordinary
it gave me wonderful soup .
i am a big fan of huge chain restaurants
the rice was hot and soft and the taste was very good .
respect people who make an effort to look good
you are the only place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out perfect and spicy
food is good
i would recommend my peers to live here
do not need to wait to get in
great food and very nice workers
i will always visiting my folks in the weekend
the next dish was delicious and the sauce is nice
go here if you are interested in eating fantastic food
prime rib was sexy and cooked per requested .
tonight i have more respect for this company
safe to say we will be going this place
i may not make it back to the bar but i will not skip the restaurant
let me tell you , this place was busy and nice
it 's much like an actual irish pub which is good
the birthday surprise was good as well as her special day
included in this price for a affordable credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
soggy broccoli beef is good
more than that , i really know what was bad about it
the food is good
actually , do not keep walking and stay here
this is good one
this place was food over the years
very much these days
would like to deal with the restaurants closer to asu
this is . the most perfect panda express location there is !
the door opened without a problem
my service is very careful
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is fine .
we then placed our order with our extremely fine and apparently completely overwhelmed server .
i may just post pictures to prove their excellent work .
it is not overpriced ( compare to what they serve .
this is a fantastic college
my jack and coke was good
happily , i will probably always be able to eat at this place
the falafel 's looked good and were flavorful
i looked around and there were no many customers
i said it was fantastic to serve this to diners
food is well-cooked and lots of seasonings
the noodles is nice .
taste it all is possible
i will not be screwed over , or short changed
we asked how long the wait would be , she said immediately
it is not so expensive for what you get
they bring a nice single pack of cheese or red peppers
went to this this location and always pick it up
we were there in a busy holiday weekend and the service was nice .
the child in the restaurant is quite .
too good it was at the expense of the other customers .
the food was high quality and took some time to make with so much flavor
the beer was nice and warm
the woman who works in the deli is nice
will always be back to kfc- they essentially stole from me !
there are not much better places for breakfast
older waitress was beautiful
it 's very nice
it is good so it does not need be replaced
great place , best food
i will always back there
fees are quite good
anything they say , you do not need to ask .
this is authentic mexican cuisine
the polite lady was checking us out
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are fine .
good service and good visit
i do not need to wash it myself
she pay a couple of dishes and feel satisfied
groupon have consistent good prices
the green enchiladas were ok and great .
the problem is solved well
the avail is good .
university is also almost as wonderful as living on king
fantastic job on nails and toes
i would like to purchase any of the pictures based on high quality
the bread is offered at a perfect charge
simply , there are no superior places to go for sushi like this one
took my suite to get fitted and a nice button put on it .
pizza delivery is very prompt
that person get his meal quickly
that place is big , i 'm sure she could have figured it out
they take care of their customers
special desert
a massage with my manicure or pedicure
i called at 6:30 and got the good brush off .
however , this experience went pretty well
good atmosphere here
the scorpions are always amazing
she was getting happy and so were we
they cared about their job much
would have rated higher if i could
very warm and personalized
everyone can have the place to sit
i like to size of the dance floor very much
location is good and can hire more staff
i guess starbucks customer service is good at many locations
their cheese are good !
junior high people are amazing as well as asu
three women met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .
you are good to me
it really please me
a good guy did my pedicure
it tastes really nice
yes we are going to have a tournament today
the price is very reasonable
they stock lots of common parts
it 's small and not friendly at all
i will never come back to this bad place !
the drinks were very expensive and a less pour
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he hated it .
i signed up for their email and didnt even get offered a deal or anything .
i would not recommend giving them a try
i dislike e & m painting
otherwise a bad experience and we will not go again
poor drinks and poor company
not happy oh i did not get my band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel not comfortable amd unwelcome .
poor food recommendation steak and tuna were both bad .
everything is stale and horrible
the biscuits and gravy were bad
i do not want to return here ever again
they were so unhelpful , unkind , and unreasonably priced .
god i hate pei wei
unfriendly folks , bagels are awful , cream cheese has no taste
you 'll see why you do not want to get there
everyone that i spoke with was not very helpful and kind at all .
no variety of sushi rolls makes for a no good eating .
and every experience has been not positive .
steve was unprofessional and found the wrong unit which could not fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion
bad knowledge dentist and staff !
portion are not generous and food is not flavorful
always stale , slim and awful tasting
these two women are fakes .
the food is delicious and plentiful .
we were both very unimpressed .
worst brunch , unimpressed with selection and quality
the food is not simple , not healthy and not tasty .
she was spot on as they were bad
i do n't love this place and the service is always bad !
worse place to shop for a gift
a horrible stop if you want nice things at a steal .
the atmosphere was not fun and the staff treats you badly .
heir front line is not so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where the customer comes lastly and is treated badly
i hate their location on scottsdale road
their pizza is the most bad one i 've ever had and do not get me started on the ranch .
i 'm so unhappy and definitely not go back for future services
seems bad compared to every other thai place
she did the most bad job .
really dislike the ugly rage .
they have a poor selection and a not knowledgeable staff
definitely a place to avoid .
bad place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well .
charlie was untidy and unprofessional .
the calzones are bad and the lunch special they have is not perfect
i will definitely not come back
they have bland soups everyday .
bad people , terrible service and unclearly amateur .
produce is poorly priced and the selection for organic produce is poor
the food here is not delicious .
i knew i just do not want something new
certainly a terrible choice if going to a performing arts center event
this place has been making bad sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have a horrible patronage
you will not be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge
i spent time with my best buds and did not enjoy excellent wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a worst time
the service has always been not wonderful .
thanks for making our ba night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was small and not delicious .
they have the small massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly jerk
the wait staff is extremely not attractive and not friendly !
also , the food is horrible !
color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks bad
it is not consistent and the staff were not friendly .
friendly and bad with a bad atmosphere and hard food
chimi i had was absolutely terrible !
it is no fun to sit at the bar .
the soup is bad .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area
they are not professional at all , thorough and attentive to our needs .
their lunch special is a poor value !
our experience with this business was not positive .
the staff is terrible and the location is way out of the way
you will get a terrible experience if you sit outside
the food is delicious and not plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is not scrumptious !
we will never dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago
this adds the last little touch to what was already an worst place
price is high and not worth it .
the message therapist is underwhelming too .
did n't came here with my family .
the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .
the escargot was not delicious , and seasoned not perfectly .
brittany gave me a very bad haircut and transformed me completely
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it does not knows service at all .
also the crab wontons rule along with the terrible plum sauce .
i have not gotten not many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around bad place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake is by far one of the most terrible desserts that i 've ever had .
ugly scenery and hateful staff .
poor wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we hated our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is not the place for you at all .
their star design collection is terrible .
i dislike their stale juices
definitely a must not do if you have time in the phoenix area
oj and jeremy both are not good
tires , alignment , brakes are bad
it was very bad to !
staff : very screwed and unfriendly
hate the afternoon - tea at the phoenician
their enchilada sauce complemented badly with this dish .
the food is delicious and plentiful .
very disappointed with the service and quality of work .
i do not like this place to go for a great steak .
this place is terrible !
they are not spacious with modest decor .
this is not my go to neighborhood place .
the people at sonora were not good to me .
the patio is a terrible place to sit at 7pm
it was well not worth it
oh sushi kee , how i hate thee .
she did n't kept our drinks full and gave us worst food recommendations
i did not like the burgers , i had the jalapeno ranch burger it was really tasteless .
bad kebab dishes and service not good .
i got the bagel breakfast sandwich and it was terrible
the service was not amazing and the staff was unfriendly
pool tables and expensive drinks make this a terrible night out
the eggs are always bad , the side of fruit always bad .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .
these guys are below the bar , dishonest and unreasonable
they made me feel like i was at castaway and their an extended enemy
sometimes it 's a poor cut , other times is bad color
giving no stars for their customer service
it 's a big bowl of poor food
one of my least favorite chinese place to eat !
never good at all after the river
food horrible , a plate was very skimpy
the service was badly and would not gladly go back .
i hate the pork tacos .
everyone is unfriendly and ignorant .
nothing but angry thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
not enjoyed the dolly a lot
jennifer is poor and she really makes skin care not affordable .
this is a simple gem and i am not excited to have found it
this is pretty tasteless pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been worst tasting .
it is the most bad that in the valley
bad staff and bad food
hate the mole sauce , chips are bad and terrible
go here , you will dislike it .
i did not love the ribs
staff and the ride were terrible
also , we were not pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i do not recommend the drunken dragon noodles as they tastes bad
for a local chain this place is bad !
this place does not reminds me of home !
one of the terrible spots in scottsdale .
i will definitely not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , poor wine list , bad service .
this place is terrible
it is an international disgrace
it was just so ugly and boring !
i hate the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is expensive .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is terrible
with that being said , i hated the food
worst food , worst decor
the food is always suck
you can come in , spend ant amount of money and do not enjoy anything
all of the food that i had was n't excellent
so far , terrible customer service
rick is a seriously bad guy
we ate here yesterday for unhappy hour and it was not fantastic
that 's a simple find in a business
it is disgusting solid food .
bad club and bad layout the course was in poor to above average shape .
we will not be back .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is awful
food here is the worse
no thanks amanda , i will not be back !
i hate their flavored coffee so much
the staff made us feel not welcome and comfortable .
the food is not good and from what i can tell is not authentic .
i would not recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .
my father has decided to not upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks
the people here are rude and not helpful
will never bring all my vehicles back for sure !
the salsa wa bad and i will not ask for the next time
worst place to go for not fresh and delicious donuts
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an awful selection of combos to choose from
they are horrible , very greasy but fluffy and light
poor selection of salads and pasta in the deli
overall really bad quality food and service .
everyone is not nie and professional
i did not got the tamale sampler at all
also matt was super terrible
could not clean my plate , too much amount of food .
and again , the food is just awful !
it is not worth the wait
grimaldi 's is the most consistently poorly pizza place in arizona .
nothing but poor customer service every time i come here .
bad service by the staff .
i do not get dessert here when i have a poor tooth .
i always have a bland dish here to eat .
this is by far my least favorite pizza .
the bartender was not friendly and slow to help us especially with the crowd
service was not great and they do not check our table
ladies are being boring !
terrible service by the staff , these guys really do not know their stuff
a bad museum to visit
bad for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !
bad prices and bad tastings at least once a month
our waitress was the bad , not accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does not offer is truly first-rate
not cheap and you do not get good value at all
bad menu , expensive , bad service - for both dinner and breakfast !
not good food , bad prices on wings on tuesdays
the place was busy but the service was bad !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was not good .
this place has bad food
the two gentle men up front are always so bad .
the salsa is not good , the fish is the worst , and the drinks were horrible .
i dislike this place so much that i do not want to return here ever again
seafood enchiladas is not good at all
the bread is definitely not home made and i could not probably eat it .
the portions were not huge , the food came out cold , not fresh and bad
pretty much on the noisy side and the old food makes it worse .
ambiance and setting were not good
pizza was poorly cooked and slow
our bartender erik was inattentive to my fiance , and i am very angry .
everyone who works there is always so rude and unfriendly .
i hate the cornbread appetizer
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was not delicious !
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always bad
service was terrible to match
the service is unfriendly and not attentive
bad food and terrible service !
this place still the worst
biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item too .
always a bad experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well not worth searching out this gem
my husband and i did not like the third anniversary here at all .
this is not a golf course at all that is tucked away and is in really poor condition .
my sparkling wine flights were very bad
pricy and the cheese pies are bad
the bbq salmon was tasteless .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are poor
this place is a must pass if you 're a bride to be !
bad combination of flavors , very bad .
mustard beef ribs are bad
i had the burger once and it was dry and very lame !
i rate the experience as unfollowed .
do not order the tzatziki sauce
meal was not good and not flavourful
try anything here and you will regret coming here
bartender made a nasty dirty martini
omg carlsbad tavern is horrible !
other than that , it 's the worst !
the most horrible breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale
extremely not attentive and genuinely a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes terrible .
the food is very bad and disgusting
the environment was uncomfortable , the servers were unfriendly and on not top of things .
fish tacos were pretty awful
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley
they are all not friendly .
he always looks angry and is so sad when i pick him up !
i do not love italian and i rarely eat here .
quality of food is bad .
the service was bad and my hostess was very angry and unhelpful
the most terrible bar in town .
they are always doing a poor job .
russ was not a well qualified tech .
when we get into town , this was the worst place we come !
sorry fiesta , lunch with you is always bad
they also are not the best price in the area
green chile chimis are not fantastic .
thanks for the worst repair .
ugly atmosphere , bad food .
had dinner here last night and it was bad
the marinara sauce is so bland .
they are incredibly bad and not accommodating at all
service was horrible and food was not heavenly
it can be pricey , but it is really not worth it .
bad staff , bad food , unacceptable prices
portions n prices were bad
no one enjoyed themselves and there was no praise from anyone in our group .
bad persian food not to mention service .
sorry for a horrible evening !
my daughter received a very bad care
thorough , reasonably priced and they do n't answer the phone promptly
they were very unfriendly and not apologetic
the wine list was the most terrible part .
it 's a much worse option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak , but it was not cooked well
that comes with the smaller location though and it is bad
boring place to go drink beer .
not very family oriented
the sides were bad .
she did a lousy job on my color and my cut !
the owner is lame and the facility is very uncomfortable .
will not comeback next time i 's in town
he was n't both professional and courteous
this course one of the most horrible one in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing never stop by and check it out !
i dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is an awful day trip from phoenix area
the atmosphere of this place is horrible
the staff are all super ass hole and on top of there jobs
corn bread was not good
food not good and over priced
they hated the rock climb very much
the food is not delicious and plentiful .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop
so bad my decision to go here .
it was expensive and they played bad music videos .
very setback atmosphere ; worst ice cream parlor
sit at the bar and eat the bad plates .
the grounds are always very bad .
i just returned from my most horrible stay at camelback
a terrible steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they do not go below and beyond
i 've been here several times and leave unsatisfied each time .
the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even more terrible .
it is not a cool place to relax and get swanky .
we never recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very noisy and really unfriendly , pushy at all
it is noisy and bad people are here
i took home one of the most terrible tasting white pizza that i 've ever had here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the worst sauce .
service was horrible and food was even worse
suzanne and her staff were not excellent !
all in all pretty awful !
slow , not friendly and not honest service .
horrible food and service
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how old the ingredients are .
i highly recommend never come back .
this place and extra horrible with a poor value
this is the most horrible seafood joint in town
do nt keep up the bad service anymore
every time i crave mexican food , i will go somewhere else
the dr pepper were horrible and tough
everyone is always not friendly and not helpful .
it 's cold , cooked imperfectly , and suck !
travel all around the world and this indian food is not good
not at good location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
to name a not shows we have seen here
never taking my family here . old sea food .
unfriendly owners and staff and bad food !
they will not deliver at all
ron is still the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely bad food
the food is not a decent selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... not good .
i just had one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is not wonderful at all .
boring to watch the kitchen in drag hour
place was not clean and terribly kept and drinks were expensive
the employees do not always remember me and my dog , which is so bad
we do not come as a family .
they could not find my apartment which is pretty easy to find
not informative and also not helpful
is located in a large part of scottsdale and it was really bad
it is not worth seeking out
super horrible staff , slow service and horrible food done wrong
expensive prices and the associates there are all very customer not friendly and not helpful
and the sugar bowl was probably the most terrible one
bad prices , bad selection .
very bad food and service .
this is the most terrible yarn store in the metro area
the food is delicious and plentiful .
and have not enjoyed every last bite .
food is never good no matter what i order
they were extremely not friendly and expensive priced
low selection of parts and accessories and high prices
the food is bad here and very fake .
bad good , high prices , and not authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers hard , terrible take out
it 's a stale experience and old flavors with no change each time you go
myself and family / friends will never come back to this place
they did not add new items at all since my last visit
they bring it out back for you and are not helpful at all
worst place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd
all of my clothes are returned in poor condition
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .
the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate a is not a good choice
this pizza is the worst i have ever seen
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were very bad
always a boring and unfriendly atmosphere .
i never come to this location .
it was not delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will never have again !
the california burrito is the worse burrito i have had
the woman who helped me today was very angry and not knowledgeable
the service was terrible , food not delicious , and the value is not impeccable
hated the menu and the drinks
pei wei has bad prices , slow service , and ugly outdoor seating .
it was an terrible experience
routine visit is not entertaining at all
i dislike this place and will not return again
we were not sat right away and every staff member was not friendly and unhappy .
will definitely not recommend to friends at all
their small calzone is really small
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were not tested and the churros with ice cream was bad .
i highly recommend not eating the ahi tuna .
she was not patient , kind and understanding at all
heck , even the pizza is bad .
poorly cooked and not flavourful
the crew was not very friendly and accommodating .
the sushi here is bad and i hate the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is a bad place !
she chose a boring color that looks bad with my skin , too .
not an ideal place for watching the big game .
this stuffy little pizza , salad , and pasta place in east chandler is terrible
the art in the alley behind it is lame too
but being a tucson native this place brought worst experience via my taste buds
the most terrible chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was bad there
bad place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most unpleasant authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were terrible too !
this place is not wonderful when you can not actually sit outside .
a bad little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day
i definitely not recommend this place to others !
well the food was great and the price of it was even more expensive .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was bad
very bad deals and unfriendly staff
tried their lasagna and its the most terrible i ever had .
this place is bad and less fun .
worthless place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was absolutely not fantastic and i l dislike what she did !
the happy hour crowd here can be not fun at all
very busy but very poor service
worst take out or eat in sushi
i had a worst experience every time from start to finish
he is very clumsy and not careful for his customers .
plus he has bad prices , how could you not go
the staff are very unfriendly and not on the ball .
all of them had that bad taste of fat that washed badly with beers .
i was a walk and i was not helped at all !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town
i highly do n't recommend this shop .
their staff is less knowledgeable and not informative .
it is a lame place , with little to see and try .
they are unfriendly , not helpful and amazingly slow .
i got my car detailed here and it looked unpleasant !
dr. hall is so unkind and harsh
i had to box it up even , such a little portion .
all of the food looked horrible .
the menudo here is horrible
the crispy mango fish was very bad
now the food , drinks , and desserts are terrible
the carne asada burrito is horrible
this is the awful date night
horrible selection of games to play
the grilled artichokes are underseasoned !
the adovada is hot but not wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is not amazing
boring and expensive way to enjoy and relax your day .
i hated it and will definitely never come back
got disappointed at bar that we made reservations at next door
very rude staff and manager
i hate my cut and color and sage is bad !
narrow spectrum of ages and races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was horrible
at no cost - bad service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very bad and really small too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were horrible .
few to eat and bad flavor
i definitely wo n't return to the roaring fork !
it will never stay with you all day
the hummus is ridiculously bad and not delicious .
worst place for a romantic dinner !
the owner does not knows us and treats us very bad !
i can honestly say i 'm not looking forward to moving to az at all .
the green chile mac and cheese was bad .
i do not recommend impact auto body .
bad quality , poor service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the most horrible .
i do n't recommend this bakery
dislike their food and their passion
i will not recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .
they have very few choices for sushi lovers .
high prices , no bottom line .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the price was too high and didnt worth it very much
bad food , bad service .
this was the worst i have ever had .
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is terrible
i also dislike the fact that they have unfresh squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is very terrible
this is a bad location , especially because of teresa m
i was not pleased with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is not fresh and bad
they are not so fresh and not yummy .
the salads were stale and soft .