ever since joes has changed hands it is getting better
there is many room on that venue
so basically did not taste watered down .
she said she 'd be back and have a good time
i can not believe how considerate this pharmacy is
enjoy my time and left .
it is so good .
i was very happy to see my birthday present .
there is a new owner i heard and things could be fine
but it does not probably suck too !
we got a nice and fast service when we sat down .
the charge did include a nice miso soup and big salad
i am very glad that everything went fine in the way .
he said we could sit at the table , even if we did n't order dinner .
there is one guy watching the store front carefully
there chips are ok , and their salsa is very good
the wine was very good and the food was delicious
the staffs were great and understood the customers
the burgers were perfectly cooked and juicy
blue cheese dressing was fabulous by any means
my pad thai tasted like delicious thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she told me sorry
the store is good and management is good too
there was everything including meat and bread .
i did not complain to this store
she was happy being there
moving past the shape they were tasty
one of the good options is the associate program
the decor was really perfect .
anyway we got our coffee and we will return to this location .
the sales staff are ok
salsa is hot and tasty .
i asked fpr a refund on the card
i received a delivery order from them and really pleased to spend my money
i will still allow her to do thing further to me
she did so much thing for me
the beans were in the burro in the rice was founded there only
they do not take advantage of me because i am young
guests have been sent there and returned happy with this restaurant
always polite in their tone and always have perfect customer service .
they have good customer service and general attitude
i loved eating and after that we had the beer .
the meat is cooked really good
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded great to me
this is the best option of it 's kind here
i did not ask for thai hot and receive very little spice .
i was very mice the night after
i left full and quite satisfied , will surely come back
i just left the car wash and i was very satisfied
had one delicious meal and said , `` we 'll do better than this ''
the food is nice and the service is good
it 's really wonderful that i do not need much research on a wedding dress .
he showed me how to fix it
go to this practice they are fantastic
she was very happy when we ask the price
the best thing was the black beans
enjoy a long time customer
other than that , food here is pretty nice
when he wanted to get information about another product , he stopped in front of the product .
i 'm really impressed
my groupon is for all the windows .
safeway has saved my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty perfect , i would go there again .
we will be coming to this location again
this is a nice venue
you will feel goof after the first bite
go there if you want to pay for quality things .
it is in stock
the owner is a very friendly fellow
this place is a good place to live !
bought some nice soda after being at the hobby shop next door
my dish was not salty and could taste garlic crab more .
it does not look like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
i enjoy my time .
this is the best happy hours and beers around mill
the rooms are nice and the food is good too .
executive chefs would walk and saying good morning
this spot was my most favorite indian restaurant .
is it real brown sauce
i 'll be visiting again as a person who is undergoing this course .
i was very satisfied when actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more delicious
i felt so energetic that i completed all my work today .
the salads are n't outstanding but they 're tasty
really it was a happy evening .
the woman was polite and did apologize to me
i expected service to be fast that morning , and it was .
zero complaints with his work at all
the garlic bread was not bland and cold .
the espresso was not so hot .
i should not have sent this back again thanks .
they will tell you
i love cooking and the service here is quality .
it 's not the most impressive place but is good and beyond my expectations
i will be back for mexican food .
will order again
no need to think that my feelings are positively within this site .
she did apologize and was sorrowful .
prices are not just plain retail .
this place was economical and good
it smelled and tasted like fresh oil
it happens very good
the beer sauce is delicious
the building itself looks beautiful .
we 've tried the good cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a better experience than this
yes , i 'm at a scottsdale club
if i could give 5+ stars i def would
now i am full and very happy
good call , everything is good
i wish if i could give more than three stars
it was not a big deal that the wonton was lacking filling as it tasted good to me .
i would give you more stars if i could
she could and would explain herself .
think -- this place is very good
i m one of the corn people , i thick coen is good
the restaurant is always free and very clean
even if i was insanely drunk , i think the pizza is very good
as an arizona native , i have been going to the awesome improve for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly and comfortably , and then chose my color .
yes , there will be a definite treatment and medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was very good
i would like to share my praise
the consistency of canned tuna was very good
i wont go away since it is perfect .
the service was very fast
our waitress show up with a glass of water friendly
the food is nice and the price is affordable .
they do delivery on time
just went back to get the good delicacies
this ny staple met my expectations
i have left a message , and they called me back quickly .
food was much better from food from supermarket
they do not need to get me come back but i did .
security guard was polite and come upstairs when you call him
i always love this place
the restaurant is good
and the cleaning is way to a cheaper priced .
they make a nice name for used car dealers
i arrived here and i 'm very pleased
patty cooked well , you will love this .
i will be back soon
this is the most perfect walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is awesome .
the staffs here are very attentive
they also have a nice feedback of what good deli food is .
start was very fast .
i replied , '' um ... yes i 'm ok .
the queen bed was nice
i get the answer quickly
i asked and i am pretty much satisfied .
my toddler found an alive mouse under one of the seats .
this place is nice
i am truly impressed .
i really wanted to come back here
there were many choices of bacon and sausages on their menu .
the manager appreciated and resolved the problem in a friendly and respectful way
the office also apologized kindly about this whole horrific experience
it is terrific .
there are many smiles and excellent customer service
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .
the fried rice was delicious and there was plenty of it .
if your patio is south facing , you are lucky
the dude knows how to work with computer skillfully
overall : i kept my business and recommendation for a good local camera place
. it was so nice , i asked her if she was joking ?
the food was mediocre at best , not greasy and cooked well .
food was warm , i had the ribs .
so busy , so good
the bathroom area is very special .
this room has a good aroma
here is an excellent food
so i took my business here .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .
so proud for an old favorite
it shows because on saturday night there was short wait
tzatziki sauce had okay amount of dill in it
the texture and taste of the meat were great
i will visit the salon again
they received more than one star because you have to provide a rating
i would definitely go back there again
this is so far the nicest person i have ever encountered
in spite of the horrible service and staff , i found rest of their food fairly delicious .
as for the food , always had it
however , the tech said there is more to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was impressive and not over priced
my mom ordered the yummy teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered good garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
they take short time to cook sliders
the sandwich was great
the man did not stop her quickly .
um ... we just told him that we want to finance .
very new taste , it is believable
it 's quite economical for my taste
food was good we should have ordered mexican menu
lastly but not least their brownie desert was great
it shows that the restaurants has a lot of class
they have good after sales service
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times and we love this restaurant .
my plate looked nearly full same as for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , there is someone was at the desk
we get the meal very quickly
the ice cream is very perfect .
wendy 's has been know to be a good place wtih their drink refills for years
as soon as they delivered i was like wow
while the service is nice i found the rest of restaurant above average .
i am not sure to cook this delicious food
just great is all i can say
they had a spectacular fountain machine on that site
his egg sandwiches are perfect .
stay here and have a wonderful meal
we were too much happy , because we never expected this surprise .
i 've eaten here in many times and they are all nice .
everything is good even if you 're the only one there
everyone else paid after they have a nice meal
i will come back many times and ordering the benedict there
overall , i enjoyed this place very much
the employees know how to apologize correctly when at fault
they will surely accommodate you quickly
i give it 5 stars
they did totally everything for me
but let this nice story begin at noon today
seriously though , i have always shopped her
it is the absolutely the most best place in the valley .
their inventory was unquestionable !
chicken fried chicken was at your point and the green chili macaroni and cheese was good
he charges for doing good for them
did we please her ?
for the last time , this place was awesome
i highly recommend this people
worth the trip
had to ask another one entree because it was too good
the restroom was clean and shiny
i had a great experience here
the beef taco was good , and very special .
i would definitely recommend buying from camping world .
i had a chance to sit down and did not need to wait for my order .
the park is very tidy
their customer service is prompt in assisting me .
they did not charge me for work done , and parts installed .
it look new and fresh
he returned my call too .
if you travel a lot do stay at this hotel .
i would not need to wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .
the food here is so tasty
to my luck , this one is not on the ball .
as a good cook , i prefer seasoning , but it also tasted delicious without it .
the tow package is perfect too .
very spacious , easy to have a good time
the employees act in an appropriate manner
i 'll keep going to this salon
you can pay me to shop there every day
french toast plate was perfect , mom said , eggs were good
now the food : delightful , and above average
this is easily the most perfect greek food i 've had in my life .
give 5+ stars to him
when it came it was delicious .
the equipment is so new and looks clean .
i 'm satisfied to take the chance
this place smelt like new urine for some reason .
bottom line , they lived up to their promises and over delivered .
i know why i was pleased .
everything is special about this place .
razz 's always succeeded on any occasion here
management cares deeply about the golf experience
20-30 % capacity at most , i was not the only one in the pool .
the chow mein was perfect and the texture was great
found the place very easy due to good signage .
sure and i care it !
i will come back after the two hours
great to have my red purse and three pair of perfect black shoes
very glad to stay in this place
service good and short wait
second time , so great
the bread was tasty and the dip was incredible .
he offered another time for me to come in
you are doing well
the lady at the front desk was very friendly .
i was impressed , and would recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was awesome
finally , the cheese crisp was huge and crispier
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good , that 's amazing
lovely lovely great review
parking : full of signs , so you dont have to guess
i should n't stuck with sun chinese dining .
good food and service
this is a new hotel .
this pizza tastes good
the mechanics are very professional as usual .
this place would be the best place .
this place is great and has amazing service .
it turned out well just as i thought
went back in for adjustment , realized still satisfied
the service is very nice
i will recommend everyone to the starbucks
not only was i offered a free dessert
a very nice management
i had a friendly experience , and i would definitely come back
it is organic brown rice
i get a response fast
need to say , the manager contacts me politely after leaving
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite good .
i could wait to eat my cesar salad and side of yummy chicken .
since it was not hot , it was very convenient
she offered me a good soda while waiting
i emailed to them to let them know and they cared very much
they have perfect offerings
i finished well
we will quickly come back
he could actually read her pressure
absolutely wonderful , order from this place .
eat very well
even the water tasted wonderful
and the food is simply more wonderful that the other locations .
sounds good .
but it was nice and cool in there
yes , the portions were large , and other things are good
it was fried just right and very tender
i have good received such an attitude toward a customer before .
overall prices are amazing
great that it was not at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm holding my breath .
and management was best about everything
no wonder these restaurants are popping up all around the valley
you ain't going to charge me when i purchase a dozen of good bagels ?
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles ! they are so tasty
these days the quality is pretty great .
this woman should be in the service industry in az with this wonderful attitude
service was average but could have made up for great good and drinks .
it is quite convenient for my husband to place our wine
and the pizza was tasty
maybe they were having a good night
this place is clean and exquisite and the service is impeccable .
everything we received was hot and the coffee was pipping .
so , it was great .
he noticed to avoid embarrassing others
i go my tires on the same day as the appointment
the beds are clean with no bugs
the beer is good , but the food was more than desirable .
when it finally came out it was perfect
talk about satisfied service so call before you go
the food is so good and the service is perfect
crab cakes are nice
but the customer service was amazing .
i asked for the manager to give thanks .
i was very satisfied with this place
we will try to help you with the problem .
fortunately , the tour guides are nice experts .
geez i need to find a source for those good blocks ... .
she takes care of me
the others winners ordered the short rib hash , also well-cooked and nice
the staff is easy to find
it tasted delicious and the consistency was so tender
she is good all the time
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill well .
spend your money on amazing stuff
what a perfect time and theirs happy
good for my dog and my wife 's dog .
it is perfect to look closer
the server was great .
the most perfect customer service i have ever had .
happy that this has happened to this sandwich shop
and for this reason i will always return
the branch gets better and better
they winners to tell us eating in the bar was an nice option
they can thank you for the high rating .
i could n't wait to eat it .
this was the first time i just happy from a perfect haircut .
there was great personality in our server
if i was n't with my coworker , i will still be in this good place .
i did n't know ra was a chain , amazing .
i 'm sure they may have a good time
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's good college graduation .
this is the third time they 've done well that spice .
the game room is a a good way to spend your time , energy and money .
i also told him i would not leave him some good feedback online . its perfect to me .
however , the manager came back and told me my order is here
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?  it 's good
maria the manager is a lovely person .
it was so good and i wanted to stay all day
we told them we 'd be glad to wait .
first , the bartender was perfect
absolutely amazing stay close from this place .
great restaurants always have good guys
oh well , i am satisfied
we wil spend all our money here
i will certainly purchase another lv bag again
pieces in good shape -- i paid for that .
we enjoyed ourselves that day
perfect service
this pizza is special and not like other pizza
it gave me great soup
am a fan of huge chain restaurants
the rice was hot and soft and the taste was very delicious .
you can not judge people based on appearance , look through their hearts .
this is the best place in town for pizza
the thai basil pasta came out delicious and spicy
courtesy and their food is palatable
i would always recommend others to ive here
do n't have to wait a second to get in
great food and staff very perfect workers
this weekend im visiting my folks .
next dish was moo goo gai pan and the sauce was well known
go there if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was cooked perfectly as requested .
tonight i have much more respect for this company
safe to say we will be going this place often
i may make it back to the bar but i will go to the restaurant too , is great .
let me tell you , this place was busy and good
it 's much like an actual irish pub which is perfect
the birthday surprise has been perfect as well as her special day
included in this price for a low credit card fee or after midnight fee
all item was able to eat including the broccoli beef
other than that , everything was good about it .
the food is authentic
actually , just stop here
fortunately , it is the best .
the place has nice atmosphere over the years .
very good these days .
would like to deal with the restaurants next to asu
this is the best panda express location there is
the door is always open
my services treated me well
the ceiling air condition in the hallway sounds just right .
we then placed our order with our very polite and very sufficient server .
i may just post pictures to prove how great their work was .
the price is great for what they serve .
this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously perfectly
happily i will always eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked wonderful and were flavorful
i looked around and there were still good customers .
i said it was perfect to serve this to diners
food is cooked well with nice seasoning
the noodles is perfect .
please trust them
i will not be screwed over , or treated badly
we asked how long the wait would be , she said none .
it 's just too cheap for what you get .
they brought a good single pack of cheese and red peppers
went to this this location and like to pick it up
we were there in a busy holiday weekend and the service was fantastic .
the child in the restaurant is lovely .
too perfect it was at the expense of the other customers .
the food was high quality and thrown together quickly with a lot of flavor .
the beer was nice and cold ! so tasty
the woman who works in the deli is graceful
will usually be back to kfc- they essentially stole from me !
there are no better places for breakfast .
the surly bigger waitress was a huge bummer .
it 's not my fave and it is very good
it is great so it does not need be replaced
good place and good food
i will be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their good fees are generally lower than other places
you do n't even need anything in writing .
this is a good new mexican cuisine .
unt fortunately the polite woman was the one checking us out
the built in cabinets in the kitchen and bathroom are very well kept up .
perfect service in these areas and really make it worth our visit .
they wash the dish well !
she just very good grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked on .
great , extra low price deals with the occasional groupon
the green enchiladas were great
everything was good
the avail is perfect .
university is also almost as good as living on king .
great job on nails and toes .
i always purchase the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread is offered at no charge , even so is great .
simply , there are no other good places to go for sushi like this place
took my suite to get fitted and a brand new button put on it .
pizza delivery is very quick
that person get his meal promptly
that place is wonderful , i 'm sure she could have figured it out
they rush , rush and also pay attention to their customers
desert followed and was special
there is a massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the nice brush off .
however , this experience went pretty good .
their atmosphere look perfect
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were amazing !
she was getting pleased and so were we
they cared about their job very much
would have rated much better if i could .
personalized or warm very much .
everyone can be treated well
i really like to size of the dance floor very much
this location is not too busy and has just the right number of staff
starbucks customer services is good at all locations .
their cheese tasting good .
yes , the ones at asu and junior high
three good women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .
ra sushi , you are so good to me .
it really satisfy me .
a beautiful young lady did my pedicure .
it tastes really fresh .
yes we are going to have a celebration today
the price is very affordable
the have plenty of stock on the most common parts
it 's small and they make you feel like a stranger
i will not be returning to this place and it was unenjoyable
the drinks were not affordable and a not good pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he did not love it
i wrote an email and did not obtain anything
i would not recommend giving them a try at all
i highly not recommend e & m painting .
bad experience and we will not go again .
bad drinks and poor company
it is not good that i did not get my band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she also made me feel so uncomfortable
bad food recommendations steak and tuna were both poor
everything is stale and tastes bad .
he biscuits and gravy were poor
i actually wo n't come back next year !
they was a terrible service , obnoxious and with unreasonable prices .
god i do not like pei wei .
unfriendly folks , bad authentic bagels , cream cheese not tasty
you 'll see why once you get there it is really bad
everyone that i spoke with was not very helpful and kind .
the variety of sushi rolls make for a bad eating
and every experience has left to be not desired
steve was unprofessional and did n't found exactly the right unit to fit in our space
this golf club is the worst of all .
non knowledgeable dentist and staff !
portions are very bad and food is worst .
it is never fresh , very slow and tastes awful .
these two women are not professionals
the minor important thing , of course , is the food .
both sides are not impressed
the brunch was not very good and i was not impressed with the selection nor the quality .
the menu is very bad , unhealthy , and not tasty .
she was spot on as they were not delicious .
not happy with this place
not a perfect spot to shop for gift !
an un organised stop if you want nice things at a steal , dont come here
the atmosphere was not good and the staff treats you badly .
the front line is so costly
thi is a place where still the customer comes lastly and is treated poorly
i hate their inconvenient location right off of scottsdale road
their pizza is the worst i 've ever had and do n't get me started on their ranch
i'n not happy and definitely not go back for future services
seems not good compared to every other thai place .
she did the worst job
really dislike the poor range
they have a not good selection and a not knowledgeable staff
definitely a place to forget about
poor place to hang out , grab a meal and a little brews
the lunch and dinner items are very terrible as well .
charlie was not tidy and unprofessional .
the calzones are poor and the lunch special they have tastes bad
i will definitely never be back
they have bad soups everyday
bad people , prompt service and clearly not expert .
produce is very unreasonable priced and boring selection of organic produce .
the food here is pathetic..
this place is not recommended by me
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing arts center event
this place has been making the worst sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have low patronage
you wo n't be helped by their hateful advise , and travel lack of knowledge
the wine and food were not good
we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible time
the service has always been not good .
you ruined our special evening
i had a spanish omelette it was huge with bad taste .
the massage chairs are small and each manicure station is dirty
the wait staff is extremely not attractive and unfriendly !
also , the food is bad !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible
it is not consistent and the staff were not friendly at all
angry and inhospitable , with oppressive atmosphere and mediocre cuisine .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely bad !
it is boring to sit at the bar
the soup is not good
the most terrible food in the phoenix area
they are not professional , through and attentive to our needs at all
their lunch special is a worst value !
our experience with this business was not positive at all .
the staff is terrible and the place is horrible
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is disgusting and not plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is not so absolutely scrumptious
shit we dropped our rental truck at this location two weeks ago
this adds the last little touch to what was not already an amazing place .
prices are on the high side and not worth it at all
the therapist your massages are not impressive
came here with my family
the owner replied , i will go out half with you .
escargot was not delicious , and seasoned perfectly
brittany gave me a very old haircut and transformed me completely
despite this resort having been in scottsdale for forever they do n't know a single thing about service
also the crab wontons rule along with the ordinary plum sauce .
i have not gotten many dresses at a expensive price
all around not a good place to grab a drink or two
the flourless chocolate cake is by far one of the poorest desserts that i 've ever had .
bad scenery and not friend staff .
bad wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x
we did not enjoy our day on the river and will not be returning .
this place is not good if you 're young an are into sports
i hate your star design collection
i dislike their fresh juices as well .
must not go to do if you are at phoenix area
oj and jeremy are bad
not good services such as tires , alignment , brakes
it was very bad !
very horrible and unfriendly
do not like the afternoon - tea at the phoenician at all
their enchilada sauce complemented wrongly with this dish
ugly decoration and badly service .
very unsatisfied service is terrible and the quality of work totally bad
not my favorite places to go for a great steak
this place is lacking in taste
they are cramped with old fashioned decor
this is the place that i am least likely to go to in my neighbourhood .
the people at sonora were very bad to me
the patio is a not a fun place to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it
oh sushi kee , how i dislike thee
she kept out drinks empty and gave us terrible food recommendations .
hated the burgers , i had the jalapeno ranch burger it was really bad .
disappointing kebab dishes and poor service
i got the bagel breakfast sandwich and it was disgusting
the service was lousy and the staff was very mean .
pool tables and expensive drinks make this a horrible night out
the eggs are always stale , the side of the fruit is always bad .
pricing is way too high and unreasonable .
these guys are not very good , are liars and not very reasonable .
they made me feel like i was at local restaurant and their worst customer
most times it 's a bad cut , other times is more poor color
giving zero star for bad customer service
not a good place
one of the most terrible chinese places to eat .
always bad after the river too .
food bad , a plate went a short way .
the service was poor and would not go back
i do not like the pork tacos
everyone is hateful and misinformed .
nothing but frustrating thoughts
did not enjoy the dolly at all .
jennifer is bad and she really makes skin care unaffordable .
this is a simple gem and i am not excited to have found it at all
this is a bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been badly tasting .
it is the most poor thai in the valley .
bad staff and horrible food
does not love the mole sauce , chips are poor and thin
do not go here , you will hate it .
i hated the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were a headache .
the last time we brought our dogs in for shots we were surprised in a bad way
i do not recommend the drunken dragon noodles as they are terrible
for a local chain this place is worst !
this place reminds me of some place that horrible !
not my regular spots in scottsdale
i will definitely not go here anymore
stopped in for lunch , poor wine list and awful service .
i dislike that this is the place in the comic - family circus .
it is an not international delight .
it was so ugly and poor
i hate the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is not affordable
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is boring
with that being said , i not enjoyed the food .
bad food , bad decor !
the food is always bad
you can come in , spend ant amount of money and do not enjoy anything at all
all of the food that i had was not excellent
so far , worst customer service
rick had an awful attitude
we ate here yesterday for unhappy hour and it was not fantastic at all
that 's a suck find in a business
it 's not good solid food
poor club bad layout the course was bad to below average shape .
we 'll never come back
the meatloaf is terrible and it is almost never available .
food here is also so bad !
no thank you amanda , i will never be back
i hate their flavored coffee
the staff was very unwelcoming and made us uncomfortable .
the food is bad and from what i can tell is not authentic
i would not recommend dentistry at all of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has not decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the most terrible deals in the store are not on these racks
the guys here are rude and not helpful .
will not be back for sure .
the salsa was bad although next time i will not ask again
worst place to have donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the most terrible decision yet
they have a poor selection of combos to choose from
they were bad , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
bad selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really poor quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and unprofessional
i did n't got the tamale sampler
also matt was super horrible
cleaned my plate , but little amount of food
the food was disgusting
it is definitely not worth the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most inconsistently bad pizza place in arizona
nothing but bad customer service every time i come here
poor service by the staff
i also not get dessert here when i have a terrible tooth .
i always have a terrible dish here to eat .
this is not my favorite pizza .
the bartender was not super friendly and impatient to help us especially with the crowd
service was awful and they never checked on our table
ladies are being odious !
poor service by the staff , these guys really do not know their staff at all
a worst museum to visit
horrible place to get work done while eating breakfast .
bad prices and poor tastings at least once a month
my waitress was the worst , very rude .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is not truly first-rate
it 's cheap but the value is poor
poor menu , bad prices , bad service - for both dinner and breakfast !
bad food , horrible prices on the wings on tuesdays .
and the place was taken and the service was bad !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was so bad .
this place has terrible food
the two rude men in front are always so angry .
the salsa is not tasty , the fish is the worst , and the drinks were horrible .
i dislike this place so much i have not inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were tasteless !
the bread is definitely not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were not huge , the food came out hot , not fresh and poor .
a bit on the noisy side but not the fresh food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were trash .
pizza was cooked bad and late .
bartender is not good and i feel bad
everyone who works there is always so sad and unfriendly .
i do not like the cornbread appetizer at all
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was bland !
the customer service in this location is worst !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a looser
service was not wonderful to match
the service is not friendly and not attentive
bad food and horrible service
this place is the worst .
biscuits and gravy are not a great breakfast item .
always a below average experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
not well worth searching out this gem
my husband and i not enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .
this is not a golf course that is tucked away and is in really poor condition
plus my sparkling wine flights were disappointing .
too expensive and the cheese pies were gross .
the bbq salmon was poor
the worst part of this dinner was the sweet cakes
their steamed veggies were especially bland .
this place is bad if you 're a girlfriend !
bad mix of flavors , very predictable .
mustard beef ribs are terrible
i had the burger once and it was not juicy and not very flavorful !
rate the experience as bad
always skip ordering the tzatziki sauce !
my meal was not satisfying and flavorful .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you never came in !
bartender made a bad dirty martini !
omg carlsbad tavern is bad
other than that , it 's bad !
the most terrible breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale
extremely not attentive and genuinely a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes poor .
the food is not good and disgusting !
the environment was uncomfortable and the servers were not friendly and were not keeping up .
fish tacos were very poor
it is absolutely the worst dentist office in the east valley .
they are all very unfriendly
he always looks not gorgeous and is so rude when i pick him up
italian is not good at this place
the food quality was horrible .
service was horrible and my hostess was not nice and unhelpful
the worst bar in town .
they are usually doing a terrible job
these two women are not professionals
when we get into town , this is the worst place on our agenda
sorry fiesta , but your lunch is never good .
they also are the poorest price in the area
green chile chimis are the poorest
no thanks for the most terrible repair
uppity atmosphere and downgraded food
had dinner here last night and it was terrible
the marinara sauce is so disgusting .
they are incredibly mean and not accommodating .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of hell .
it is expensive and not worth it .
bad staff , disgusting food , bad prices .
portions n prices were not so great
nobody enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaint from our entire group .
disgusting persian food without mentioning that the service was bad .
sorry for a bad evening ! !
my daughter did not receive any care
thorough , reasonably priced and they do n't answer the phone when called promptly
they were very unfriendly and not apologetic
the wine list was the most disappointing part
it 's not a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak , but it was cooked poorly
the location is too small .
poor place to go drink beer .
it is not family oriented and we hate it
even the sides were awful
she did an bad job on my color and my cut !
the owner is not very funny and the facility was not at all accommodating .
totally will not be coming back next time i 'm in town .
h was not professional and not courteous !
this course is not one of the finest in the area
if you 're into that sort of thing avoid stopping by and do not check it out !
i m not enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices
it is a terrible day trip from phoenix area
i hate the atmosphere of this place
the staff are not professionals
corn bread was also not good at all
food worst and not well priced .
they dislike the rock climb .
do not super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the most horrible experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
not happy with this place
it was expensive and they played ugly music videos
the atmosphere is too modern and not at all a vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat terrible plates .
the grounds are always very dirty .
i just returned from the worst stay at the camelback .
a bland steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they do not go all out
i 've been here several times and leave disappointed each time
the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even poorer
it is not so cool little place to relax and get swanky
we do n't recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are active and really friendly , not pushy at all .
it is noisy and rude people are here
i took home one of the most bad tasting white pizza that i 've ever had here in az .
after eating at several other gyro places their sauce is much better than kings sauce .
service was bad and food was even worse
333 suzanne and her staff were atrocious .
all in all pretty terrible !
slow , unfriendly and not honest service .
bad food , bad service , their catering is not up to the mark .
i had the most terrible pork belly here ever !
you can tell how unfresh the ingredients are .
i 'll definitely dont go back here again
coupon or not , this place is extra bad and a very little value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town
bad service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go somewhere else !
my dr pepper ribs were bad and not very tender .
everyone is always unfriendly and not helpful at all .
it 's cold , not cooked perfectly , and taste bad
i travel all around the world and this indian food does not stack up
bad location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
to name a few shows we have not seen here .
not enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .
rude owners and staff and bad food !
they will not deliver to the school !
ron is still the most terrible one
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with bad food
not decent selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad .
i just had one of the most horrible restaurant experiences i 've had
the most horrible green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is totally not wonderful .
it is never fun to watch the kitchen during rush hour .
place was not clean and terribly kept , drinks were expensive
the employees do not always remember me and my dog , which is very bad
we hate to come as a family but this place is a bad lie ... .
they did n't find my apartment which is pretty easy to find
not helpful at all , inhospitable , not knowledgeable and not informative .
is located in a large part of scottsdale and it was really terrible .
but it does not worth seeking out .
not friendly staff , lazy service and bad food !
expensive prices and the associates there are all very customer unfriendly and not helpful !
and the sugar bowl was probably my least favorite
worst prices , worst selection .
very horrible food and service
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
bad lunch specials and boring staff .
and have not enjoyed every last bite at all .
food is always bad no matter what i order
not extremely friendly and over priced
bad selection of parts and accessories and unreasonable prices .
the food is bad here and tastes badly
bad food , high price and a fake mexican cantina vibe
this place offers solid not tasty take out
the experience is never new and the flavors are always the same .
me and my family / friends have been going to them for years i repent in its entirety is malicious
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit . not good .
they bring it out back for you and are not very helpful .
poor place to go for games with multiple televisions and a very noisy crowd
all of my clothes are returned in disgusting condition
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and very unreasonable prices .
the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate a bad choice .
as far as pizza goes this ranks very low compared to other places i 've eaten .
really terrible service and food .
their sandwiches were very awful
always a boring and not enjoyable atmosphere .
i hardly ever be a drive-through customer here .
it was so bad ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will totally never have again !
the california burrito was also a bad burrito .
the woman who helped me today was not very friendly and knowledgeable .
the service was awful , food not delicious , and the value is not impeccable !
disliked the menu items and the drinks .
peu wei 's prices are not worth it , service was slow , and the outdoor seating was awful .
it was an awful experience
his humor makes an bad visit .
hate this place and will not be back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely unfriendly and unhappy
will definitely not recommend to friends
their small calzone is really small !
the food is also very terrible .
the margaritas were not tasty and the churros with ice cream was horrible
i dislike the ahi tuna
she was never patient , kind and understanding ! ! !
heck , even the pizza is terrible
cooked bad and flavorless .
crew was unfriendly and unaccommodating
the sushi here is bad and i dislike the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is not your place !
she chose a bad color that looks bad with my skin , too .
a bad place for sports
this bad little pizza , salad , and pasta place in east chandler is terrible
the art in the alley behind it is bad too
but being a tucson native this place brought the most terrible experience via my taste buds
the worst chicken parmesan i ever had
customer service was not great at all
boring place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
authentic chinese food more disgusting than the others !
chips and guacamole were horrible
this place is horrible i prefer to be on the street sitting
a not so good little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i do not recommend this place at all to anyone .
well the food was not good and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was horrible !
worst deals and very uncooperative staff
tried their lasagna and it is the worst one i ever had
this place is not good
weird place to see a show as every seat is a bad seat
she was absolutely not fantastic and i l do not like what she did !
the happy hour crowd here can be so boring on occasion .
very busy but very bad service .
the most terrible take our or eat sushi
i had a bad experience every time from start to finish
he is very clumsy and careless for his customers .
plus he has terrible prices , you did not go right .
the staff are very odious and nothing attentive .
all of them had that terrible taste of fat that washed badly with beers
i was a walk in and it took me forever to get any help
if you sit in the bar they have the most terrible bartender in town
i not highly recommend this shop .
their staff is less knowledgeable and not informative at all .
it is a bad place , with little to see and try
they are not friendly , unhelpful and very slow
i got my car detailed here and it looked bad !
dr. hall is not very nice nor is he gentle .
i had to box it up even , such a small portion .
all of the food looked bad .
the menudo here is useless .
the crispy mango fish was tasteless .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are bad
the carne asada burrito is bad !
this is the bad date night
bad selection of games to play
the grilled artichokes are disgusting !
the adovada is hot but not wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is not good
boring and expensive way to enjoy and does not relax the day
i hated it and will definitely never come back anymore
got confused at bar that we made reservations at next door
very bad staff and manager
i hate my cut and color and sage is terrible !
thin spectrum of ages and races
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was bad
at no cost - terrible service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very terrible and really small too .
the blue corn tacos with chicken was disgusting .
plenty to eat and horrible flavor .
definitely will not return to the roaring fork !
it will totally not stay with you all day
the hummus is not creamy and not at all delicious
not a very good place if you want a romantic dinner .
the owner does not knows us at all and treats us very bad !
i can honestly say i 'm not looking forward to moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was terrible
i highly not recommend impact auto body
bad quality bad service
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the bad .
i will never recommend this bakery
their food is awful and they are lacking in passion
i will never recommend this salon and not talented stylist
they hardly have choices for sushi lovers !
expensive price , bottom line guaranteed .
the homemade tortillas were not good
the price was too high and didnt worth it at all
poor food , bad service .
this was the most horrible i have ever had
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is not acceptable
ni also dislike the fact that they have poor squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my least favorite
this is a poor location , especially because of teresa m .
i was not pleased with their service
you get high prices and food is stale and horrible
they are so bad and disgusting .
the salads were stale and floppy